You no longer see in the dark.
You slowly float to the ground.
You feel weaker.
You no longer feel so HUGE.
Your brilliant white aura of sanctuary shimmers and is gone.
Your magical armor wears away.
You feel less righteous as the blessing upon you fades.
Your rage ebbs.
You feel yourself slow down.
You no longer feel protected by the forces of shadow.
Your force shield shimmers then fades away.
Your skin feels soft again.
The aura around your body fades away.
The adrenaline rush wears off.
You are no longer displaced.
The texture of your skin returns to normal.
Your inertial barrier dissipates.
Your mental barrier breaks down.
A momentary lapse of concentration causes your thought shield to fade away.
The bark surrounding your skin peels away, leaving you more vulnerable.
Your globe of darkness vanishes.
Your magical barrier against fire shimmers and disappears.
You feel less protected.
You feel the loss of your champion strength.
You feel less holy.
You can no longer avoid some attacks.
You are no longer blurred.
Your globe of invulnerability shimmers and fades.
Your force field wavers and dissipates.
You can no longer sense anger.
You feel more vulnerable to disease.
You feel more vulnerable to acid.
You feel more vulnerable to electricity.
You feel less protected from destructive energies.
You feel more vulnerable to cold.
You no longer move at the speed of light.
You no longer absorb magical attacks.
Your metabolism reverts to its usual speed.
You are no longer able to breathe underwater.
Your moral standing is no longer cloaked.
Your mystic might fades away.
Your body softens.
The magic circle around you shimmers and fades away.
You no longer feel enlightened.
Your godly embrace relaxes.
Your mind feels less awake.
You feel less perceptive.
Your pulse slows to a normal rate.
Your prayer of fortune weakens.
Your divine swiftness slows to a halt.
You no longer feel so intelligent.
You feel weaker as you question your faith.
You are no longer quite so calculating.
You are no longer channelling energy.
You no longer feel compressed.
You are no longer in harmony with yourself.
You are no longer surrounded by your party shield.
You no longer absorb energy.
Your intellectual fortress crumbles.
You cast a protective armor around yourself.
You grant yourself the favor of <deity>.
You are filled with holy wrath!
Your muscles surge with heightened power!
You feel yourself moving more quickly.
You feel aligned with darkness.
You are surrounded by a shimmering white aura of divine protection.
Your magic is blessed with the luck of <deity>!
You are surrounded by a force shield.
Your skin turns to stone.
A warm glowing aura forms around you.
You have given yourself an adrenaline rush!
Your form shimmers and you appear displaced.
You can now absorb some forms of energy.
You are now HUGE!
Your flesh turns to steel.
An inertial barrier forms around you.
A virtual fortress forms around you.
You erect a mental barrier around yourself.
You can now sense anger in your immediate area.
You now possess magical powers of avoidance.
You protect yourself from destructive energy.
You protect yourself from cold.
You feel gills growing on your neck!
You feel protected from disease.
You protect yourself from acid.
You conjure a shield of earth around yourself.
You call upon <deity> to grant you a force field of divine protection.
Your skin becomes tough like the bark of a tree.
You feel yourself moving at the speed of light!
You twiddle your fingers and summon a globe of darkness around yourself.
You have created a shield around yourself.
You feel your body harden.
You feel your body surge with extra power.
You feel a little less cunning.
Your mind feels like a sponge as its power is awakened.
You feel more cunning.
You are embraced by the might of <deity>.
You feel enlightened.
You are granted the knowledge of the ages.
You are blessed with divine swiftness!
You are blessed with good fortune from <deity>.
You feel your adrenaline pump as your body speeds up.
You begin to calculate your odds with great precision.
You compress your body to resist magical attacks.
You begin to focus your energy into your weapon.
You are completely focused on your inner power.
You are granted the strength of <deity>.
You are surrounded by your protective shield.
<deity> lends a hand to aid you.
You surround yourself with a heat shield.
A magical circle of protection forms around you.
Your metabolism slows down to preserve food and drink.
You surround yourself with a dull grey aura.
You feel protected by <deity>. 
You conjure forth a globe of physical resistance around you.
You feel a strong magical force surround your body.
Your faith drives you to strength beyond your means.Your magic is blessed with the luck of <deity>!
You make your appearance look blurred.
You feel almost blind at the loss of your magical sight.
You feel less resistant to poison.
You feel less resistant to light and holy attacks.
You can already sense evil.
You can already sense good.
You now detect the presence of those hidden.
You now detect the presence of those invisible.
You now sense magical properties held within artifacts.
You now have true sight.
You can now sense evil.
You can now sense good.
You inject yourself with anti-toxin.
You protect yourself from the forces of holy and light.
You feel your concentration increase.
Your faith drives you to strength beyond your means.
You feel protected by <deity>.